# AHPSupplier
In the mass customization environment, the supply chain management process attempts to develop a long-term cooperation relationship between the suppliers and the production company. In the textile production process, suppliers are essential in the business activities of enterprises. The quality of suppliers could ensure the quantities, quality of products, and delivery time in the supply process of raw materials meets the production and business requirements with low cost. These criteria, which affect the selection of material suppliers in the textile industry, were analyzed in this research. Furthermore, AHPSupplier, a new open-source web application for choosing the best supplier based on the Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) method, was developed. Both the end-users and businesses benefit from our research by applying experts' accurate and available knowledge and experience while showing and modifying personal biases and misjudgments throughout consensus-based communication.

The paper presented a scientific method for selecting the most suitable textile supplier by developing AHPSupplier, a new open-source software application based on AHP methods. The application of this method is illustrated by a case study at a textile company. The selection of material supplier is processed in terms of five attributes: cost and services, delivery and availability, quality of yarns, supplier capacity and technology, and self-innovation of the supplier. The results are also satisfactory and highly promising, especially regarding the consensus-based ranking of suppliers that can be statistically validated. Moreover, AHPSupplier can benefit both the end-users and businesses by employing experts' preferences, available knowledge, and experience. In addition, AHPSupplier can show and modify personal biases and misjudgments throughout consensus-based communication.
